# TherapCare

Our primary objective is to passively monitor and identify “ON”, “OFF”, and dyskinetic (DYS) states of patients in their work and home environments. Current methods of assessing patient performance outside the clinic includes recounts from memory, patient diaries, and projections based on clinical performance. The states can be deduced by a trained physician therefore it is our hypothesis that an accurate sensor is able to deduce them as well. ON is characterized by fluid, controlled movements, OFF by tremors and jerky movements, and DYS by “dance-like” or wandering movements. Current methods of assessment have proven to be insufficient and XEED potentially offers an innovative solution that gives physicians the insights that they need to monitor these states 24/7.

More specifically, patients will wear 2 to 4 XEED devices over a period of 8 hours in a controlled environment at Penn Medicine. The patients will be video recorded simultaneously as they wear the devices, perform exercises as directed by the study, and take medication. Afterwards, the physicians will review the videos and specify the times at which the patients were exhibiting ON, OFF, or Dyskinetic symptoms. The data that XEED collects is orientation of the end effectors (wrists and ankles) of the patients referenced to standard time. The orientation is referenced to the magnetic field of the earth and is in Roll, Pitch, and Yaw format with an error of +/- 3 degrees in Roll and Pitch, and +/- 5 degrees in Yaw. The time is in unix format referenced to the local time zone. The samples are spread apart at even intervals of 50 samples/second. The data that we will give the capstone project is the XEED orientation with time at which the ON, OFF, DYS symptoms were exhibited. The goal is to create an accurate mapping from XEED orientation to the three states of ON, OFF, or DYS.

Immediately after the clinical study, we will be continuing with these patients and collecting
more data on how they move on a 24/7 basis when not in a controlled setting as part of a 2-week beta test. Our goal is to work with the Fellow to take the algorithms developed in the controlled setting and apply it to patient’s everyday life when movements are varied and unknown.
